Hey Sexy :D
                                                      Hi
asl?
                                                      14 f co 
                                                      u?
34 m ky
                                                      ohh you're older
is that okay?
                                                      my mon said im not supposed to...
it can be our secret
                                                      you sure she won't know?
obsolutely babe
what do you like? have any pics?
                                                      im kinda shord, have a ponytail, blue eyes, blond hair
sounds pretty
have you ever been with a boy before?
                                                      like with him how?
like kissing or hugging or touching or
                                                      well i've kissed a boy before
would you let me kiss you?
                                                      maybe :P
would you let me touch you?
                                                      touch whay part of me?
all of you baby
                                                      oh
                                                      i've never done anything like that
have ever seen a mans dick?
                                                      no
do you want to?
                                                      i don't know, is it gross?
not gross at all, i'll make you fell real good
                                                      you sure?
if i was there right now what would you want to do to me?
                                                      i don't know, i might kiss you if your cute :D
wanna know what id do to you?
                                                      would i like it?
you'd love it
                                                      uh ok
i'd slide my dick in your pussy really slow then play ith pur titties whil i fucked you
                                                      wut?
do you know what a blowjob is?
                                                      that's when you kiss their penis right?
is's when you suck the penis and lick it in your mouth
would you give me a blowjos?
                                                      that sounds gross.
                                                      you want me to suck your dick?
yeah baby!

                                                      Your IP address has benn logged by the Child Internet Service Proteccion Agency.
                                                      Please wait while memory ref code "851255151" is entered into the database.

                                                      Notice to Chatter: The Federal Bureau of Investigation has logged a record of this
                                                      chat along with the IP Addresses of the participants due to potential violation
                                                      of U.S law. If you think this chat session was logged in error, please call your local
                                                      F.B.I office and quite the reference numer #2334531343.
                                                      VIOLATION: Solicitation of a minor.

                                                      The federal Bureau of Investigation has logged a record of this chat
                                                      along with the IP address of the participants due to potential 
                                                      violation of U.S law. VIOLATION: Solicitation of a minor.
                                                      IMPORTANT WARNING: If you think this chat was logged in error,
                                                      please state your reasons to the F.B.I Agent currently monitoring this chat
                                                      and quite the reference number #2374581649.
                                                      Failure to do so within the next 2 minuts will 
                                                      result in your IP and adderss being entered into your
                                                      criminal data base and legal action.
What?!
                                                      Oh please dont, i was kidding
                                                      Im afraid that is not an option, solicitation  of a minor
                                                      is a serius offence
when my wife dins out, my life is over, please for the love of god
she was fucking asking for it!
                                                      We have the conversation on record, there is nothing
                                                      more that can be dont, you can appel at your local FBI office.
                                                      Is there anythink you'd like to say now wthat you're a registered pedophile?
LC55 is no longer on the server
                                                      EPIC WIN!
LC55 is no longer on the sever 